This sword determines a generation.
This is Jian Ding’s generation.
Jian Ding, don’t live a happy life.
She'll be robbed of us. Very good
Why don't you give him anything to do?
There will be dessert for the age of the vice-president today
Who's the pointer?
Why don't you report it to me today as the Vice-President?
Didn't show up visibly
But I don’t have anyone to come out, brother
But it’s been so many years, Dessert Sister
Now there is no more Yu Pei
We can still get them out
I promised dessert
Have a lifetime together
Even without Yu Pei
I will definitely find the child. Don’t worry, I’ll do it right away.
Desserts will definitely come back. Hello.
Are you the Jiacun from Sanxi?
He transported the guide point to the hospital.
Nothing is wrong with him
Don't betray me again, I'm magical
If Tiantian comes back
I can’t eat anymore, but I keep asking for a drink.